feat: migrate overlay tokens (#1772)
razorpay/blade: .changeset/honest-glasses-sin.md

---
"@razorpay/blade": minor
---

feat: update popup token, migrate overlay tokens

> **Warning**
>
> `theme.colors.overlay.background` is moved to `theme.colors.surface.overlay.background[800]`.
>

> > Considering its a rarely used token its a non-breaking change for most consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Based on our analytics data, its a rarely used token hence, its a non-breaking change for most consumers.(1 instance in <the project name>)
```
